Baby Bird Princess
Since I dare to come
Naturally I won't be afraid of you, don't lie to me.
My Duke's Mansion has many institutions
And the formation set by the imperial teacher
There is no one in Rocha
The person who can forcibly take away my mansion
This is your greatest failure
You are too confident and too rigorous
And trust no one.
After you discovered Sophie's identity?
I didn't tell anyone at the bottom of the mansion and didn't deal with it?
He worked hard.
Impossible is it right
That's right, in the summer eyes of the Duke's Mansion
Sophie is your most loyal servant
Such a person
Take my brother and niece from your mansion
Who will stop it?
Ma Liangni wants to blame you for your short-sightedness
But you're right.
Who called the baby bird you are just a chicken
What can you do?
Ma Liang Xiaoyou
This guy can't die yet
How about selling me some face?
Doctor
If you really don't envy it, you want to guarantee it.
Isn't it a bit too long?
Hahaha, Xiaoyoudao is a wonderful person.
But after thousands of years of monasticism
Wouldn't it be a joke to die without this ability?
But I spend my time in vain
The North Army will send you
As a ransom for the chicks
Looking forward to seeing you next time.
The old fox hides deep, you